Add impersonate action to users_controller (#559)
rootstrap/rails_api_base: README.md

- [Rails Best Practices](https://github.com/flyerhzm/rails_best_practices#custom-configuration) Edit `config/rails_best_practices.yml`
- [Brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman) Run `brakeman -I` to generate `config/brakeman.ignore`

## Impersonation

> This tool incorporates a user impersonation feature, allowing AdminUsers to assume the identity of other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rails_api_base` incorporates a user impersonation feature, allowing `AdminUser`s to assume the identity of other `User`s.
```

> The `rails_api_base` incorporates a user impersonation feature, allowing `AdminUser`s to assume the identity of other `User`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rails_api_base` incorporates a user impersonation feature, allowing `AdminUser`s to assume the identity of other `User`s. This feature is disabled by default.
```
